PM Modi is a dictator. This is the claim of almost all opposition parties, some big news channels and influencers.

If Modi ji wins the elections in 2024, then elections will stop from next time and the taunts will start.

This is the last election. If Modi comes again, then there will be a new election. He will not let it happen and dictatorship will come.

Now, frankly speaking, if we look at it from the point of view of opposition, then many of their concerns are legit.

Whether Modi ji's supporters acknowledge it or not.

Like everyone will agree that after 2014, suddenly a wave of pro-Hindutva came, which actually caused BJP to rise.

Now, every coin has two aspects, right?

And that's why no BJP supporter can deny that as soon as Hindu empowerment happened,

many negative thoughts against Muslims started circulating on social media,

which was capitalized by opposition leaders and started spreading even more fear in them.

Now, based on ideologies,

a dictator's core symbol is always there.

For example, Hitler also came under the power of the ideology of Aryan supremacy.

ISIS founders were also on the side of Islamic supremacy and Stalin was on the side of socialist supremacy.

Now, even during Hitler's rise, people felt that Aryan supremacy is a good ideology and Jews are just being economically corrupt.

But in the future, this thing escalated in such a way that an extremist mindset began to spread among all Germans against Jews.

And their open arms even reached executions. You know, you've heard about concentration camps....

Well, what's today's reality? And who's right and who's wrong?

I'm not explaining it yet.

But only the perception of reality in fact since BJP supporters might think that there's a need for Hindus, instead of minorities.

Well, it depends on their perception of reality.

But those who think the point of view of opposition is obviously true,

and don't believe in Turkish propaganda,

will fists in Investério uniner baked teeth without understanding the real teachings of the government.

and don't believe in Turkish propaganda, will fists in Investério uniner baked teeth without understanding the really visible topic of these excavations. we have to separate from the use of fake news.

Only then can we become a real, aware Indian, not just a blind devotee.

And in today's video, we will try to go to the root of this whole issue. We will try to go to the root of this whole issue. We will try to understand the views of

the ruling government supporters and anti-government supporters

logically and then pass a judgment on whose side is the most important.

So first let's understand why the opposition is claiming

that Modi ji is a dictator who is a threat to the constitution.

What is the real identity of a dictator? What has been historically?

And how much does Modi ji's leadership match him?

So the main pillars of any dictatorial regime So the main pillars of any dictatorial regime are these five characteristics.

These define the whole game of a dictator. So let's start with the base of a dictatorial regime.

So let's start with the base of a dictatorial regime. That is, the first pillar is ideology.

And in the case of BJP, this is the ideological backbone of Hindutva. And in the case of BJP, this is the ideological backbone of Hindutva.

Hannah Arendt, a German-American political theorist wrote in her publication

The Origin of Totalitarianism that ideologies are the powerhouse

for dictatorial regimes. I mean, a dictator has to support

millions of people. And this can only be possible through ideologies.

Because ideologies work to connect common people like us through common beliefs.

It gives a vision of a golden future. And that is why

it is the backbone of any regime. If you look at the cases of some of the world's most powerful dictators,

for example, take Hitler's regime. In Germany, he identified Nazism

as a form of ideology that penetrated ideology and established its own control in the country.

The German people have become strong again

in their spirit. Victory! Victory!

To fulfill the task taken by the German people.

Therefore, today, the German Reichstag

with the hot desire to find a support in him

for the implementation of his mission. If you look at his book,

in his chapter 11, he has linked the purity of race

directly to nationalism. Russia's dictator Vladimir Putin claims that he is protecting

the Crimean invasion, in fact, the current Ukrainian invasion, to protect the Russian ethnicity.

And that is why the common people also support him. Iraq and Syria's ISS regime

were also ruling on their Salafi Islamic Caliphate ideology. So basically,

without ideology, a dictator cannot establish his control over the people.

Now, according to the opposition, BJP's core ideology is RSS ideology,

which also has an angle that suppresses Hindutva supremacy and minority.

Now, what is the perspective of BJP on this? We will cover this further.

But a dictator gains power by putting crores on his side through these ideologies.

Now, once the dictator comes into power,

he starts to gain control

of the country. This is the second main pillar. Because he knows that

he can take control of the country and increase his hard power.

Because ultimately, the country can only be controlled through hard power and hard systems.

And how does a dictator do this? By placing his loyalists, his loyalists,

in the leadership of key institutions. Now, even the Modi government is being accused by the opposition.

According to them,

the three major pillars of

the opposition and ruling party are in consensus.

That is India's growth in IT sector. So, recently, the demand for data science and analytics

has increased a lot in the market.

According to me, this is the highest skilled job in any company.

Because the top managers of any company take big decisions only by studying data.

And that is why you will see that their salaries in companies are also very high.

But if you also want to make your career in this field, then you can learn this skill

because a lot of their learners have been placed in top companies

like Google, FB, and Amazon. Scaler is basically a very good

online tech learning platform where you can learn the skills of data science and machine learning

directly from top industry experts.

Plus, with Scaler's 80 plus real-world case studies, you also get practical knowledge, not only theoretical.

Not only that, Scaler also provides easy MI options for you,

that too for 2 years with zero interest.

If you want to secure your career, you can book a free life class at Scaler.com.

Link is in the description. Now let's get back to our topic.

We were discussing how Modi government has been accused of

controlling the three major pillars of governance like military, justice system, and executive bodies

which makes them extremely powerful. If we talk about the context of military control,

then the opposition claims that in 2016, BJP placed its loyalist

in the top leadership position of the Indian army. According to this,

General Bipin Rawat was sidelined by two senior army officers

and made the chief of army staff.

The same happened in the Indian navy with Vice Admiral Karambir Singh,

who was sidelined by two senior navy officers and made the chief of naval staff.

BJP is also accused of offering retired military personnel election tickets.

Now, this same practice is followed by many famous dictators all over the world.

For example, Libya's dictator Muammar Gaddafi also

used to offer financial incentives or promotions to them.

Syria's dictator Bashar al-Assad used to place close family members or people close to him

in the top positions. And the list goes on and on.

Now, if we talk about judicial systems, then there are also allegations of the opposition

that the Modi government appoints its favourite judges in the Supreme Court.

For example, in 2018, on Ranjan Gogoi's appointment,

the opposition heavily criticised the government because in Gogoi's tenure,

the case of Rafael Aircraft, the case of CBI Director Alok Verma being dismissed,

and the most awaited Ram Mandir's decision was also in Ranjan Gogoi's tenure.

And the allegations of the opposition became even stronger when, after retiring from the post of Chief Justice of India,

Ranjan became the MP of the Rajya Sabha on the ticket of the BJP.

Now, in a dictatorial regime, the dictator has control over judicial systems

to legitimise its power. And that's why, in 2016,

when Turkey's dictator Recep Tayyip Erdogan attempted a military coup against him,

he arrested the 2700 judges who supported the rebels.

And Putin is famous for appointing his loyal judges in the judiciary. Because of which,

Russia's criminal conviction rate is 99%.

Just imagine, 99%. Literally,

the judiciary is a state puppet by which the state can easily

eliminate the most vulnerable. In fact, the Russian judges are even fired when the acquittal rate increases.

Now, if we talk about the executive bodies, the opposition has repeatedly

made allegations on PM Modi that he installs loyalists in top executive bodies like the CBI.

In this too, on the CBI director's post, the opposition heavily criticised Rishi Kumar Shukla's appointment.

He said that the government deliberately made his appointment

so that Rishi, who is the loyal officer

of the Modi government, can get the government to work.

Because the political use of the CBI is mostly used to file cases

and to investigate. Now, usually, this also happens in China.

In their government bodies, Xi Jinping places the top party workers of the Communist Party.

And in North Korea, the Workers Party of Korea, or Kim Jong Un's government,

passes all the decisions to control the top executive institutions. So now,

once the entire institutions have been taken over, once they have gained hard power

and hard control, in the next major step, a dictator starts suppressing

his opposition. All opposition parties start dealing with those

who speak against him. And these allegations are on

the opposition parties' Modi

party members to scare them or to tempt them.

Even the opposition activists and critics who raise their voice against the Modi government

are put in jail. Now, if we compare this behavior to the dictatorial regime,

then in 99% of cases, this is what happens. Just to name a few,

during the USSR,

he sent thousands of people

to labor camps

and the basic human rights of the people, including their religion and freedom,

were being taken away. But the most terrifying scene for the people of Syria was when Bashar started

killing innocent people using chemical weapons against his own people.

In North Korea, Kim Jong Un has made

the entire region a political

detention camp for those

who are against him. He then starts suppressing all the criticism and opposition that goes against him.

But it doesn't stop over here. People still need support

and they need to keep their perception as the best available option.

Otherwise, the civil war or coup will happen. And that's why people

use propaganda to show Information is exaggerated,

false information is presented as the truth,

so that the leader can become a larger-than-life image among the people.

And media becomes their weapon to do that. In 2020,

an IT Rules Amendment Act was introduced. And according to the opposition,

this Amendment Act was brought to end the freedom of the press.

Because according to this amendment, if the PIB's fact-checking unit

or any other Union Government agency

has any allegations, they glorify themselves through the so-called Godi Media.

And if someone questions them, they throw them out of the picture.

Like the case of NDTV and Ravish Kumar. Ravish Kumar of NDTV was

one of the few journalists who questioned the Modi Government. But then what happened?

Well, according to the opposition, to suppress their voice,

Modi bought NDTV with Adani. Now if we talk about dictatorial regimes,

the government is doing something wrong. But in North Korea, due to the government's control

over media outlets, citizens get the same limited information

that the government wants them to get. Citizens are shown the same programs

in which Kim Jong-un and his family's history is being glorified

and how they are improving North Korea. This is all shown.

In Kim Jong-un's taunting, even if someone leaves the country

he is not even called by his family

because if he is caught,

he will have to spend the rest of his life in political camps or detention centers.

Everyone knows about Hitler's extremist truth. But few people know that in 1933,

as soon as he came to power, he started a propaganda ministry.

Newspapers, radio, films and other arts

were promoting Nazi ideology. In fact, he even used artists and journalists

to remove political opponents from their positions.

China has a propaganda factory which employs 14,000 people

and they monitor the media all the time. And the task of the mega broadcasters

is to propagate a positive image of the party, to tell about their

developmental principles and policies

and to present the good things

of China as stories to the Chinese people. So basically,

all in all, constant positive propaganda

makes the dictator the hero of the country. And now, it remains only to become a superhero.

So that the leader becomes a cult of his own personality. And for this, the leader

shows strong acts of bravery or extraordinary actions

which no one has done before. And this basically creates

a larger-than-life image of the leader and people think that such a leader

comes only once in a hundred years. Like Kim Jong Il's father.

In the case of Kim Jong Il, it is said that he was born in sacred Mount Paektu

and the day he was born, a new star was born.

And then, the weather changed. But in reality, he was born in the barracks of the Soviet army

and he didn't even fight in World War II like North Korean propaganda says.

Now, in the case of India, the opposition's perspective is that

by taking big and bold decisions by Modi ji, they are trying to create such an image

by removing Article 370,

which no leader has taken till date. The opposition also makes allegations

that by passing decisions like GST,

there will be a change in the country. Just to display to the people

that if Modi is there, then it is possible. In short, Modi ji is representing

his hero-like, larger-than-life personality in front of the world.

The opposition has also made allegations that Modi ji's IT cell works so smartly

that it shows every opposition a pappu so that in front of them,

Modi ji's image becomes strong. It means that people take other leaders

as a joke and Modi ji as a serious person.

But when someone uses this tactic against Modi ji,

then the IT cell smartly makes the same weapon of that mechanism.

For example, the case of Chaukidaar Slogan. When the opposition bashed Modi ji

on the statement of Chaukidaar, that make me the Prime Minister, I will become Chaukidaar.

Whose Chaukidaari? Whose Chaukidaari? Narendra Modi.

Then the same Chaukidaar words were shown everywhere and it was converted into a positive campaign

by the IT cell. And it was shown that Modi ji is the Chaukidaar of the country

and he is keeping the country secure. Stay healthy.

Your Chaukidaar is completely Chaukanna.

The same thing was done by the other

dictators as well. Like Hitler was portrayed as the saviour of the nation who humiliated Germany

in World War I and made it reach its peak.

The dictator of the USSR, Joseph Stalin was portrayed as a fatherly figure

who will protect the social values of the Soviet Union. People started to consider Turkey's Adogan

as the Islamic Caliph. And Putin's machoism,

KGB's super strong spy and personality image is also fresh in the minds

of all Russians. Even today, many Russians feel that Russia

will not be able to survive without Putin.

He makes himself a superhero in his own regime. Now friends, after listening to the side story of the opposition,

you must be thinking that

Modi ji is showing all the symptoms of a dictator.

So is India really moving towards a dictatorial regime?

What about our democratic values? The identity of Indian culture

which we Indians are not going to sacrifice under any circumstances.

But, keep in mind that we have only explained one side so far.

And I know, in a lot of detail, that opposition supporters don't even do this much.

But basically, you have now understood the side of the story of the opposition.

Now, you will only know the complete picture when you understand the side of the story of the other party.

And only then, we will be able to reach a rational, unbiased conclusion.

So, first of all, there is a fundamental difference between a dictatorial regime and a democratic regime.

According to the system, who has supreme authority? Who is supremely powerful?

And the rule of law and governance is based on that. Well, in a dictatorial regime,

of course, it is the dictator and his ruling party.

But in our country, India's case, the constitution

is a supremely powerful entity. It is far more powerful than any other leader.

And no leader can fundamentally change the values in the constitution.

It will become unconstitutional and illegal. And by filing a case against the leader, it can be put behind bars.

The same thing we saw in the past. A socialist word was being tried

to be taken out of the constitution. Which the supreme court rejected

by saying that this change is unconstitutional and cannot be allowed.

So, the side of the BJP government is that whatever change they are bringing,

is under the democratic constitution of India.

So, how can the opposition say that this is unconstitutional and dictatorial?

If we talk about the elections in China, after winning the election,

Xi Jinping directly said that there will be no elections until 2036. Even Hitler declared

the Tana Shahi after coming into power. And after coming into power, there were no elections.

But Modi ji, in both his terms, has won the elections through a democratic process.

That means, the public has won by electing him in both terms.

And his every decision has fallen within the constitution.

So, where did the dictatorship come from? If we talk about the allegations of

suppressing the minorities of BJP,

the government is suppressing the minorities. This narrative, you and I all know

where it comes from. BJP has the backing of Hindutva ideology, RSS.

And that is why the minorities are afraid that Hindus will come into power and suppress them.

Now, this fear is in the first sight, it is also legitimate. But is it actually happening?

It is a simple fact of psychology.

Our 99% fears never come true. But through fear,

it is easy to control people. So, it is also possible

that there is propaganda from the opposition side which is far from reality.

And that is why, to find out the truth,

we studied the constitution of RSS. Through which, we can directly understand

where the ideology of BJP is derived from. What will be the practical implications of its governance?

So, what is the Hindutva ideology of RSS fundamentally?

Well, interestingly, in the constitution of RSS, there is no use of the word

Islam or Muslim. It is far from suppressing them.

Now, from exactly this point, I think most of the confusion arises.

They have talked in a broad sense about the word Hindu.

Whatever is basically born on the earth of India, then whatever religion it may be,

that is Hindu. And RSS has said this many times publicly.

If Hindus say that there should not be any Muslim here, then Hindus will not remain Hindus.

Now, someone like Hitler or Baghdadi have never said this

in favour of minorities. Dictators' first motive is

to eliminate minorities. RSS is a more nationalist ideology than a religious one.

You can understand it by its name, Rastriya Sohem Sevak Sangh,

i.e. a community that serves the nation, not a particular community or religion.

And perhaps this truth is not being told to Muslims by minority leaders.

RSS also has Muslim Rastriya Manch, i.e. a Muslim group. This group was created in 2002

with the best future of India with 10,000 Muslims.

So, if Modi was a dictator, then the number of minorities would have increased by 10,000

to 10 lakhs in today's date. I mean, think for yourself,

was Hitler's army a Jewish minority group?

Is ISIS a wing of Hindu minority and development?

You can't even imagine and it's funny to hear. But still, let's assume

that BJP and RSS have something else to show off and something to eat.

Their actions may not match with their words, right? So don't worry,

we have also found out if they really believe in what they say.

Is there actual development

of minorities in the dictatorial regime termed by BJP opposition?

When the PM came to power, they benefited a lot. Whether it's because of PM Awas scheme

that turned your dreams into reality, or the lightening scheme

wood and kerosene,

or the MUDRA scheme that can help people in need.

According to official data,

24-30% of the beneficiaries are Muslims.

Even Jandhan Yojana, which gives the benefit of opening accounts in zero amount,

has 42% Muslim account holders.

Let's study the employment data of minorities. On this issue, NDTV said

that in 2014, the percentage of Muslims in government employees

was 4.5% but today it has increased

to 10.5%. Now let's assume

that the opposition says that the Modi government

is treating minorities equally

and that it will change everything in future. But it doesn't seem like that by looking at their vision.

Because in schools, Muslim children's admission has reached 74.2%

which was 69.4% by 2014. Now everyone knows that

the future of the country is for small children. And if the government's goal

is to keep people like gypsies in prison, and during the Second World War,

Hitler killed at least 85% of German gypsies in this camp.

These German gypsies were the same Indians who had travelled

from Sindh to Europe after the Arab invasion.

Now this is a matter of one dictator but in China,

concentration camps have been created in today's date where almost 11 million Uighur

Muslims have been kept

under religious restrictions and forced labour.

Now let's forget all these cases. The Uighur military dictator Idi Amin was infamous

for killing minorities and eating them.

Can you imagine that? This was said by the health minister of Uganda Henry Kemba.

Idi Amin had created such horrible torture chambers to target minorities

that many minority ethnic groups

were killed. And yes, Indians were also included in this minority group

with whom Idi Amin treated the same way.

Even ISIS, who ruled Iraq and Syria, started killing minorities after coming into power.

They gave Christians two options either convert to Islam or give tax to the government

instead of following their religion. And if you don't do this,

then either leave or die. So basically, this is the real dictatorship.

Now after knowing all this, calling Modi a dictator will be like calling a chicken a dragon.

Now if we compare it to India's case, then you know the unfortunate reality.

On one hand, the opposition always targets the ideology of the leading party by showing a plan to make a Hindu nation.

The leading party is accused

of being a terrorist. But Hindus, despite being the majority,

are the 8th class citizens of this country. Yes, 8th class.

Not even 1st class or 2nd class, but 8th class. Because in the benefits category,

they don't even come in the list of top 5 citizens. But Muslims are a minority in this country, no doubt.

But today they are getting more rights than Hindus.

Waqf Act 1995 is the only act that gives a community the right

to register any land for a mosque.

And yes, I'm not even kidding. Waqf Act 1995's section 3

gives them the right that if the Waqf Board thinks that this land is Muslim land,

then they can claim it directly. And you won't believe, only Delhi has 58,000 cases

of Waqf Land Encroachment pending. And in today's date,

Waqf Board is the 3rd largest land owner. This act directly violates

Article 13 of the Constitution according to which the government

cannot make any such law

and many times violates the rights of other citizens to take their land.

But Modi government has never taken any action against this law.

In fact, the reality is that they have not made any such law for the Hindu side.

But on the other hand, in Delhi's minority support,

Opposition Party leader Arvind Kejriwal has said that he will support

Waqf Board with all his heart. And after that, Arvind Kejriwal said that

even his house is made on the land of Waqf Board. But Maharashtra government

has no courage to say anything to Ambani. And further, his exact words are

that if it was our government, they would have demolished his property.

The richest man of this country inside Mumbai

is told that his house is made on the land of Waqf Board.

The government there does not have courage to do anything to him.

If our government were there, they would have demolished his property. If this is not a minority appeasement

politics, then what else is there? That means PM Modi is

keeping his right ahead instead of exploiting the minority.

But the Hindus for whom they are being called biased,

they have made such laws that are making Hindus less

and non-Hindus more happy. Like Sabarimala Temple.

In this temple, those Gods who follow Brahmacharya were made.

And that is why women were not allowed to go here. Especially during their menstruating period.

It was the Modi government who removed this rule in 2018 and gave women the right

to go to the temple and practice their religion.

In fact, the Hindu women of Kerala even protested against this decision.

And many people openly opposed it. But if PM Modi were a dictator,

would he have taken such steps against the majority?

In this country, till date, the Tipu Sultan is celebrated who killed lakhs of Hindus

and forced lakhs of Hindus to convert. The Mirarod in Mumbai

has been a part of the Hindu pilgrimage just because they were passing through the Muslim area.

And this has happened not only in Mumbai but in Delhi, Gujarat, and almost in every state of India.

So tell me, is this possible in a dictator regime?

And lastly, if PM Modi is really a dictator, then why is the Places of Worship Act 1991

being allowed to go till date? Because it says that

a mosque that was built after breaking a temple cannot be broken after it is liberated.

So why did he

make a mosque in this country where every community has the right to practice their religion openly?

On the other hand, in a dictatorial monarchy like Saudi Arabia,

apart from Islam, any other religion is banned from being practiced in public places.

In fact, in Saudi Arabia, the pilgrimage is also banned. And even Muslims can't go out of their homes

and celebrate Muharram because in that way, Shia Muslims celebrate Muharram

and Saudi Arabia is a Sunni country. And that's why Muharram procession is banned.

So is Modi still a dictator? Well, of course not.

It's the ultimate power. But if you look carefully, Modi doesn't have full power.

Yes, that's a fact. There are 31 states in India

out of which, BJP has made

a single-handedly government in just 6 states. And in the remaining states,

BJP has made a government in alliances. Like in Maharashtra with Shiv Sena,

in UP with Aapna Dal, even if you look at the coalition government,

there are 12 states where there is only the NDA government.

There is no full control of the country. And this data shows

the real democracy. Otherwise, who is a dictator who comes into power by

co-election with other parties? If there was a dictatorship,

then Modi's power would be in every state and he wouldn't even let the opposition fall in front of him.

Like Kim Jong Un. In the Sungori region of North Korea,

there are such political concentration camps where Kim Jong-un keeps his opposition captive.

Every year, more than 2 lakh people are imprisoned in these camps

and until they vote against Kim Jong-un,

anti-national is considered. This is a totalitarian state.

So how is it possible to call with a one-handed government and 12 coalition governments

in just 6 states?

Much more power was with the Congress when they ruled the country for the last 50 years.

Three terms, the Nehru government for 17 years, four terms, the Indira Gandhi government for 16 years,

and out of 543, Rajiv Gandhi won with 400 seats single-handedly.

This is actual one-party system dictatorship. At that time,

Indira Gandhi had overthrown 9 states in a day. She had imprisoned the opposition.

During the emergency, she had passed the 42nd constitutional amendment act

which is called the mini constitution. In that, she had changed the major elements of the constitution

which cannot be changed. If we look at it,

the Congress has dismissed more than 90 state governments

and out of which,

more than 50 states have been dismissed in the Indira Gandhi phase.

But if we look at the term of Modi, in the last 10 years,

he has not dismissed any state government. So if this was not a dictatorship at that time,

then why now? I think this question should be asked to every youth who is being brainwashed.

And if we look at the democratic rights of the common people,

then we are still able to easily exercise those rights.

In the current government's ruling, citizens are able to openly protest.

Currently, the Kisan Andolan 2.0 is going on. Even last time,

humanity's throat was strangled There was violence at Lal Fort, violence against women, rape of women,

and even crimes like killing people and burning them alive

were targeted at innocent people in the country. Even after all this,

the government joined hands to stop the Kisan Andolan, apologized to the farmers,

and repealed farm laws that the government had made for the betterment of the farmers.

In the 2024 Farmers' protest, direct threats were being given to PM Modi.

In the next 2-3 years, you will get the news that

from the PM to the so-called activists, in this country,

it is possible for all of this to happen in the rule of a dictator. Well, our neighbouring country,

China for example, Jack Ma, founder of Alibaba.com,

is one of the most famous billionaires in China. In fact, he is one of the most famous billionaires in the world.

But he did not say anything against his government, nor did he say anything against his dictator-like president.

He only gave a statement while standing with President Donald Trump

during the US-China trade war that he will create 1 million jobs in America. That's it.

And a billionaire like Jack Ma will be able to stand up and make a lot of money. And in Saudi Arabia,

the dictatorial rule is so strong that in this country, only protests are banned.

Now again, tell me, is there any dictatorship in India? There is no protest ban,

no criticism, and no protestors.

Now if we talk about print media,

there are so many print media in India that speak blatantly against the government.

With the help of freedom of speech, many YouTubers openly criticise the government.

So you know what the situation is. Even the opposition party

is saying whatever they want in India. They are doing free trips like Bharat Jodo. In that,

anti-nationals like Kanhaiya Kumar are being called who had put slogans in JNU

to break India into pieces.

Is this possible in a dictatorial regime? And the most important thing is

if PM Modi was a dictator, would he even spare the enemies of his party?

What is the ground reality of today? In West Bengal, BJP workers were shot in broad daylight.

They were accused of being goons of the TMC party. In West Bengal,

tribal BJP workers were killed and hanged from a tree. In 2021,

Home Minister Amit Shah himself stated that more than 300 BJP members have been killed,

but the investigation of the case has not even gone an inch further.

More than 300 Indian people have been killed by the party.

And there is not even an inch of progress in the investigation.

And the remaining BJP members have to leave their homes to save their lives.

In West Bengal, post-poll violence intensifies. BJP workers who reportedly fled their homes

were being assaulted by TMC members. If PM Modi was a dictator, when would the West Bengal

have a presidential or military rule?

Take a look at any dictatorial regime in history.

Every dictator breaks existing rules and puts his vested interest

in making new rules. But what happened in 2018?

The Aadhaar Biometric Identification Program or Modi Government's policy was stopped by the Supreme Court

for privacy rights. If PM Modi was running an authoritarian regime,

he could have stopped the Supreme Court's questioning. But he did not go against India's independent judiciary.

Another core attribute of a dictatorial regime

is that dictators invest a lot of money in their military.

But India has only 2% of its GDP.

The real dictators invest 80% of their GDP. But now friends,

a genuine question. Will PM Modi win more seats

and come to power and take a decision to bring dictatorship

in India? Well, the answer to this is hidden in the verdict of the Keshwananda Bharti

v. The State of Kerala case. On April 24, 1973,

13 Supreme Court judges gave a groundbreaking judgment.

In which the judges said that no government can change the basic structure of the Constitution.

Basically, this judicial decision means that they cannot

change democracy into a dictatorial regime even if BJP wins

with 543 seats out of 543. But now, let's assume

that as soon as PM Modi comes to power, he will take control of the military

and the hard power, and will make people dream of democracy,

and with his confidence, he will start a civil war and collapse the democratic system.

How much is this possible? So now we are talking about the rarest of the rarest case.

But if hypothetically considered, if PM Modi breaks the democratic system,

then well, to achieve this, how will he gain the main power?

Through his core ideology and RSS ideology, right?

So here too, as we saw earlier, RSS's vision is not

that the country should be established as a cult.

RSS's vision is that Islam is absolutely safe in India.

So in this hypothetical taanashahi,

BJP or Modi will not get people's support because that has never been

the vision of RSS. And people, through some ideology, are connected through their beliefs

and vision, right? As soon as a leader gets lost in that vision,

people leave him alone. Like in Maharashtra elections, we saw with Uddhav Thackeray's party.

In Hitler's case, his vision of racial purity and world dominance was ready.

Which he has written in his books too. One that was published, and one that was not.

But here, vision is fundamentally very different, very uniting,

not dividing. Now, after analyzing this whole issue from a comprehensive perspective,

one thing is absolutely sure, that neither Modi is a dictator now,

nor is he going to become one in the future. And neither can he become one. So now comes the question,

why is the opposition party calling Modi a dictator again and again?

So guys, according to me, the answer is very simple, if you analyze the situation a little bit.

So the thing is, these elections of 2024, are not about democracy in India,

but about the existence of the Congress party. Which means, they are afraid

that after this election, their existence can be destroyed. And that's why they are deliberately

raising this issue again and again. Because if you look at it currently, today, Congress has come to the 2nd position

from 48 seats, and got the Leader of Opposition tag.

But actually, to become the Leader of Opposition,

it takes at least 52 seats. Which means, even now,

the Congress party has become the Shadow PM of India.

But if they lose this time, they are afraid that they won't even have

the Leader of Opposition tag. And because of this,

their existence will be in danger. Not only that, they are also afraid

that this time, history seems to be going to repeat itself.

Because when they had made a one handed government for 50 years,

by keeping their hold on the institutions, then mostly no Leader of Opposition

would have happened in front of them. In fact, the first Leader of Opposition

has faced the same situation. And that's why they are scared. And they are screaming and saying

that Modi is a dictator. But, one thing is clear,

which I said in the previous video, that in Indian politics,

a strong opposition is really needed.

So that all the parties are committed and accountable about the development of the country.

And with that said friends, this was the complete truth with a complete neutral perspective.

We have presented this with a lot of data, facts and historical proofs.

But we should find the truth ourselves. And this is what our Gaurav Thakur channel

and even Get Set Fly Science channel has always been trying to do. Science has always taught me this,

that understand things fundamentally. Don't become a victim of a conspiracy.

Because today, the world doesn't need anything more than independent thinkers.

So thanks for watching. And yes, before leaving, if you want to secure your career in the field of data science and machine learning

and get a high paying job, then consider clicking on the link in the description

to attend their free life class. See you next time friends. Be rational and keep questioning.

Jai Hind.

